last night in New Hampshire senator
Bernie Sanders and mayor Pete Budaj got
exciting news they finished number one
and number two with a very tight margin
between them and this dad has turning
out to be some matchup an old Jewish guy
versus a young gay guy it's like it
uncomfortable Thanksgiving dinner and of
course the media is eager to crown a
winner dump on the losers but the truth
is it takes like 2,000 delegates to win
the nomination Iowa and New Hampshire
combined have 65 and neither state is
demographically representative of
anything other than like a Jimmy Buffett
concert so at this point is like picking
a plastic surgeon based on two Yelp
reviews oh Jenny p.m. the big day bold
five like I'm in let's get that face
lifted so but it was another
disappointing night for Jill Biden who
finished in fifth place and then had to
hitchhike to South Carolina because he's
not allowed to drive at night but if you
are if you are Joe Biden 77 years old
you lose New Hampshire to 78 year old
Bernie Sanders it has to feel like
getting dumped by a woman and then
seeing her on a date with your uncle
that's got a stake Biden may be down but
he's not out he said it ain't over until
the fat lady sings and I see some
awfully fat women here tonight and
sometimes says the wrong thing but
Senator Michael Bennet of Colorado
announced that he is ending his campaign
he's planning to go back to his previous
job of looking like the assistant
principal on a Disney Channel show he
had 0.3 percent of the vote at less than
1% and he's dropping out him Michael
Bennett saying he's dropped out of the
race is like me saying I've decided not
to run the Kentucky Derby this year it's
to better known Democrats Duval Patrick
and Andrew yang have also dropped out
yang is stepping down to spend more time
with his calculator and but if you're
looking for something to remember him by
you can go to his website his
merchandise is now 40 percent off on
anti-gang
case you're looking for something to
wear with ordi hang on and I don't know
but the yanking is no more Biden's on
the ropes and Bernie is the guy to beat
but big surprise has been senator Amy
Klobuchar of Minnesota who took third
place last night you know a month ago
somebody told me Amy Klobuchar I was
gonna do better in New Hampshire than
Joe Biden that person would have been
Amy Klobuchar would have been anybody
else but even the president our
president Donald Jehoshaphat Trump has
only uttered clover chars name in public
once and that was back in 2018 at a
ceremony for the Presidential Medal of
Freedom thank you as well to senator Amy
Klobuchar for being here maybe the
reason he won't say her name is cuz he
can't say her name there's enough
trouble with Budaj
his primary primary focus right now the
president is on Mike Bloomberg last
night after the primary he tweeted a bad
night for many Mike even though Mike
Bloomberg wasn't on the ballot last
night it would honestly be more shocking
to find out Trump did know how the
primaries work but our great pumpkin
loaf had as he really has had a hell of
a week already he is doing everything he
can to obstruct justice again last night
he last lashed out at the judge on the
case against his friend and advisor
Roger stone who was convicted of lying
to Congress and witness tampering
earlier this week he fired lieutenant
colonel vin Minh for testifying against
him and fired his twin brother who had
nothing to do with any of this he
suggested today that the military should
punish bin Minh for the crime of
testifying before Congress I guess but
why do I get the feeling we're gonna
have to impeach this guy two more times
before the electronic he's going for a
three-peat it has never been done Trump
met with the president of Ecuador today
but almost all the questions were about
this new crusade he's on to punish those
who opposed him and make sure all his
criminal friends get off the hook
a man leaks classified information
highly classified they give him two
months Roger stone for doing nobody even
knows what he did
in fact they said he intimidated
somebody that person said he has no idea
he was going to jail for that that
person didn't want to press charges they
put him in for nine years it's a
disgrace everything is a disgrace he
Donald Trump loves to disgrace us with
his presence
so the whistleblower is a disgrace to
our country I called it a pitchman life
it's at this race Schiff is a crooked
he's a corrupt politician and a disgrace
Nancy Pelosi's in disgrace it's an
absolute disgrace what they do to our
country I think the whole thing with
visors a disgrace what the Democrats in
the house was a disgrace I think it's a
disgrace that people can make a beach
pit out of nothing what they put my
family through is a disgrace she got
away with that as a disgrace what's
happened to San Francisco is a disgrace
what happened in I was a disgrace it's a
disgrace to our country it was a
disgrace what a disgrace it's a disgrace
it's at this straight it's a disgrace
it's a disgrace to this race it's a
disgrace such a disgrace it's a disgrace
it's a disgrace in to display it's a
disgrace to disgrace it's a disgrace
it's a disgrace
it's a disgrace so it's really a great
thing in some ways but in other ways
it's a disgrace
and I know this grace Don Jr is my son
maybe we'd be better off with a dog
president you know last night in New
York they had an election at the
Westminster Kennel Club and Best in Show
was this dog
[Applause]
2020 districts
these announcers need to calm down you
think I think dogs would get that
excited when they watch us in the
Olympics no the winning canine was C but
let's have another look at Seba slow
motion here I don't know about you but
this is easily one of the scariest
things I've ever seen in my life have
nightmares about Zeebo
all night tonight Seba is a black
standard poodle the Westminster Dog Show
had more diversity than the Oscars this
year but but this wind is really I'm
excited because this is gonna open a lot
of doors for C but she can now drag her
butt across any carpet in the world so
congratulations
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am NOT allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now I'm
hungry